Style guide fixes (#17428)
github/docs: content/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-issues.md

---
## Integrated with GitHub

> Issues let you track your work on {% data variables.product.company_short %}, where development happens. When you mention an issue in another issue or pull request, the issue's timeline reflects the cross-reference so that you can keep track of related work. To indicate that work is in progress, you can link an issue to a pull request. Pull requests addressing an issue typically include a [keyword that automatically closes the issue](issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) when the pull request merges.

Author: ```suggestion
Issues let you track your work on {% data variables.product.company_short %}, where development happens. When an issue is mentioned from in another issue or pull request, the issue's timeline reflects the cross-reference to make it easier to track the related work. To indicate that work is in progress, you can link an issue to a pull request. Pull requests addressing an issue typically include a [keyword that automatically closes the issue](issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) when the pull request merges.
```

## Quickly create issues

Issues can be created in a variety of ways, you can choose the most convenient method for your workflow. For example, you can create an issue from a repository,{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} an item in a task list,{% endif %} a note in a project, a comment in an issue or pull request, a specific line of code, or a URL query. You can  create an issue from your platform of choice:

> * Through the web UI,

Author: ```suggestion
* Through the web UI
```

> * Through the web UI, 

Author: ```suggestion
* Through the web UI,
```

* {% data variables.product.prodname_desktop %}
* {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}
* GraphQL and REST APIs

> * {% data variables.product.prodname_mobile %}.

Author: ```suggestion
* {% data variables.product.prodname_mobile %}
```

> Issues can be created in a variety of ways, you can choose the most convenient method for your workflow. For example, you can create an issue from a repository,{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} an item in a task list,{% endif %} a note in a project, a comment in an issue or pull request, a specific line of code, or a URL query. You can  create an issue from your platform of choice:
> 
> * Through the web UI
> * {% data variables.product.prodname_desktop %}
> * {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}
> * GraphQL and REST APIs
> * {% data variables.product.prodname_mobile %}
> 
> For more information, see "[Creating an issue](/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-issues/creating-an-issue)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues can be created in a variety of ways, so you can choose the most convenient method for your workflow. For example, you can create an issue from a repository,{% ifversion fpt or ghec %} an item in a task list,{% endif %} a note in a project, a comment in an issue or pull request, a specific line of code, or a URL query. You can also create an issue from your platform of choice: through the web UI, {% data variables.product.prodname_desktop %}, {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}, GraphQL and REST APIs, or {% data variables.product.prodname_mobile %}. For more information, see "[Creating an issue](/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-issues/creating-an-issue)."
```
